Revise "Addition of browsers" data guideline (#27213)
mdn/browser-compat-data: docs/data-guidelines/browsers.md

## Addition of browsers

BCD's [owners](../../GOVERNANCE.md) may choose to adopt a new browser or engine. To add a new browser to BCD, we require machine-readable release information, including version numbers, release dates, links to release notes or changelogs, and (if applicable) underlying engine version numbers.

In addition to the hard requirement of machine-readable release information, we also need evidence of:

- a compelling downstream-consumer story (e.g., MDN or caniuse express an interest in showing the data to developers or someone is planning to do something with the data that might plausibly grow BCD's reach beyond those sites)

> - a compelling data-automation story (e.g., using [mdn-bcd-collector](https://mdn-bcd-collector.gooborg.com/) to generate data updates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a compelling data-automation story (e.g., using [mdn-bcd-collector](https://github.com/openwebdocs/mdn-bcd-collector) to generate data updates)
```
